
.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH "ETSF_IO" "1" "Feb 22, 2011"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
etsf_io \- a command-line tool to handle ETSF files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B etsf_io
.B [-h
.B ]
.B [-a
.I action
.B ]
.B [-i
.I file
.B ]
.B [-f
.I flag
.B ]
.B [-o
.I file
.B ]
.B [arguments
.B ]
.PP
This manual page documents briefly the
.B etsf_io
commands. It is a software to handle NetCDF files following ETSF specifications.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
.PP
A complete list of options is included below.
    
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
show this little help.

.TP
.B \-a, \-\-action value
give the action to perform. Possible action may be:
 * 'merge' to gather several files that have been splitted.
 * 'content' to get the name of specifications the file matches.
 * 'check' to check the validity of the file against specifications.

.TP
.B \-o, \-\-output-file file
give the path to the output ETSF file in case of merge action.

.TP
.B \-i, \-\-input-file file
give the path for an input file. This option can be used one or several times.

.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list
when action is check, it give the list of available flags.

.TP
.B \-f, \-\-flag value
give a flag name (get valid names from -l option).


.SH EXAMPLES
Merge three files, etsf_io -a merge -i file1.nc -i file2.nc -i file3.nc -o output.nc

Get the contents of file test.nc, etsf_io -a content test.nc

Get the list of flags for validity checks, etsf_io -a check -l

Checks with two flags, etsf_io -a check -f flag1 -f flag2 test.nc

.SH AUTHOR
etsf_io was written by Damien Caliste.
.PP
This manual page was written by Damien Caliste <damien.caliste@cea.fr>.
    
